README.md, before:

## Extract Highlights Plugin

Extracts all highlights from a current note in Obsidian into your clipboard. Based on [icebear's plugin request](https://forum.obsidian.md/t/extract-highlights-from-note/7867).

Are you using Extract Highlights? I'd love to hear from you! 

[Share your questions and suggestions in the forum](https://forum.obsidian.md/t/extract-highlights-plugin/8763/12)

### How it works
This plugin will copy the highlights delimited by `==`, `**` and `<mark></mark>` into your clipboard as a bullet-list. 

Optionally you can...

* Customize the heading text of the list, include the note-title or hide it all-together
* Customize the highlights by adding footnotes to each that link back to the source-file 

### Demo

![basic functionality](https://github.com/akaalias/extract-highlights-plugin/blob/master/clipboard-flow.gif?raw=true)

#### Using the Hotkey

The default hotkey is: 

<kbd>SHIFT</kbd> + <kbd>ALT</kbd> + <kbd>=</kbd>

#### Using the Ribbon Button
There is also a button (a circle-shape) that's added to your left-side ribbon. 

Clicking on it will also extract all highlighted parts in your current note and place it in your clipboard.

#### Using the Command Palette
I looked into it and there’s a bug the way clipboard works with the Command Palette. Basically everything but the “Paste” works.

But I’ve found a temporary work-around. It’s weird but it works.

1. Trigger Command Palette (Command-P)
2. Find “Extract Highlights”
3. Hit Enter (You should see a notification (“Highlights copied to clipboard!”)
4. Workaround: At this point, briefly switch to a different note and back (This materialises the clipboard data for pasting)
5. Paste works now the same as with the Hotkey and Button-press

#### Pasting highlights from your clipboard

After using the hotkey, button or command palette, anywhere you want, just paste the clipboard!

<kbd>Command</kbd> + <kbd>v</kbd> (MacOS) or the equivalent on Windows/Linux

The output is a markdown-block titled "Highlights" with a bullet-list of the highlights.

### Backlog
#### UI
- [x] command (<kbd>SHIFT</kbd> + <kbd>ALT</kbd> + <kbd>=</kbd>) which then copies all of the highlighted text either into:
- [x] click a button which then copies all of the highlighted text either into:
- [x] allow for `<mark></mark>` to be used as highlights
- [x] allow for standard bold (`**`) to be used as highlights
- [x] allow to optionally include or completely exclude `## Highlights` heading
- [x] allow to change text in heading `## My Custom Highlights`
- [x] allow to include note-name in heading such as `## From: $NOTE_TITLE`
- [x] allow to add footnotes for each highlight and include link to source-note

#### Outputs
- [x] my clipboard
- [ ] the top/botton of the note and selected for a next step,
- [ ] a designated area in the note such as {{highlights}}, or
- [ ] a new note

Commit message:

Adds configuration for using bold as highlights

README.md, after:

## Extract Highlights Plugin

Extracts all highlights from a current note in Obsidian into your clipboard. Based on [icebear's plugin request](https://forum.obsidian.md/t/extract-highlights-from-note/7867).

Are you using Extract Highlights? I'd love to hear from you! 

[Share your questions and suggestions in the forum](https://forum.obsidian.md/t/extract-highlights-plugin/8763/12)

### How it works
This plugin will copy the highlights delimited by `==`, `**` and `<mark></mark>` into your clipboard as a bullet-list. 

Optionally you can...

* Customize the heading text of the list, include the note-title or hide it all-together
* Customize the highlights by adding footnotes to each that link back to the source-file 

### Demo

![basic functionality](https://github.com/akaalias/extract-highlights-plugin/blob/master/clipboard-flow.gif?raw=true)

#### Using the Hotkey

The default hotkey is: 

<kbd>SHIFT</kbd> + <kbd>ALT</kbd> + <kbd>=</kbd>

#### Using the Ribbon Button
There is also a button (a circle-shape) that's added to your left-side ribbon. 

Clicking on it will also extract all highlighted parts in your current note and place it in your clipboard.

#### Using the Command Palette
I looked into it and there’s a bug the way clipboard works with the Command Palette. Basically everything but the “Paste” works.

But I’ve found a temporary work-around. It’s weird but it works.

1. Trigger Command Palette (Command-P)
2. Find “Extract Highlights”
3. Hit Enter (You should see a notification (“Highlights copied to clipboard!”)
4. Workaround: At this point, briefly switch to a different note and back (This materialises the clipboard data for pasting)
5. Paste works now the same as with the Hotkey and Button-press

#### Pasting highlights from your clipboard

After using the hotkey, button or command palette, anywhere you want, just paste the clipboard!

<kbd>Command</kbd> + <kbd>v</kbd> (MacOS) or the equivalent on Windows/Linux

The output is a markdown-block titled "Highlights" with a bullet-list of the highlights.

### Backlog
#### UI
- [x] command (<kbd>SHIFT</kbd> + <kbd>ALT</kbd> + <kbd>=</kbd>) which then copies all of the highlighted text either into:
- [x] click a button which then copies all of the highlighted text either into:
- [x] allow for `<mark></mark>` to be used as highlights
- [x] allow for standard bold (`**`) to be used as highlights
- [x] allow to optionally include or completely exclude `## Highlights` heading
- [x] allow to change text in heading `## My Custom Highlights`
- [x] allow to include note-name in heading such as `## From: $NOTE_TITLE`
- [x] allow to add footnotes for each highlight and include link to source-note
- [x] allow to optionally enable bold for highlights 
- [x] allow for Command Palette to trigger copying (Works sort of, bug in Electron)

#### Outputs
- [x] my clipboard
- [ ] the top/botton of the note and selected for a next step,
- [ ] a designated area in the note such as {{highlights}}, or
- [ ] a new note
